#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.13
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via httpx
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-search-documents
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
azure-functions==1.21.3
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-identity==1.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-keyvault-certificates==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-keys==4.10.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-keyvault-secrets==4.9.0
    # via azure-keyvault
azure-search-documents==11.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-storage-blob==12.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via langsmith
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain-core==0.3.47
    # via langchain-text-splitters
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.7
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.3.18
    # via langchain-core
msal==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tweepy
orjson==3.10.15
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via langchain-core
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   langsmith
    #   msal
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   tweepy
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via tweepy
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
six==1.17.0
    # via azure-core
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via langchain-core
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tweepy==4.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-keyvault-certificates
    #   azure-keyvault-keys
    #   azure-keyvault-secrets
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   langchain-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
